---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
I am a Marie Curie Postdoctoral Fellow, affiliated with the Mathematical Institute for Data Science (MINDS) of the Johns Hopkins University working with Prof. Rene Vidal. 
My research interests span the areas of machine learning and signal processing. More specifically, the overarching goal of my research endeavors is to devise efficient and reliable algorithms for analyzing high-dimensional and large-scale datasets. These datasets could be generated by medical imaging modalities, satellite cameras, remote sensing sensors, internet applications, etc. My work is interdisciplinary and touches upon topics at the intersection of convex/nonconvex optimization theory and approximate Bayesian inference, representation learning, high-dimensional probability theory, image processing, computer vision, etc.  My latest research interests are in the areas of adversarial learning, continual learning and inverse problems using deep generative models. A comprehensive list of my publications can be found here.

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.
